when Ephraim spoke trembling he exalted
when Ephraim spoke trembling he exalted himself in Israel but when he offended
himself in Israel but when he offended
himself in Israel but when he offended through bail worship he died
through bail worship he died
through bail worship he died now they sin more and more and have made
now they sin more and more and have made
now they sin more and more and have made for themselves molded images idols of
for themselves molded images idols of
for themselves molded images idols of their silver according to their skill
their silver according to their skill
their silver according to their skill all of it is the work of craftsmen they
all of it is the work of craftsmen they
all of it is the work of craftsmen they say of them let the men who sacrifice
say of them let the men who sacrifice
say of them let the men who sacrifice kiss the calves therefore they shall be
kiss the calves therefore they shall be
kiss the calves therefore they shall be like the morning cloud and like the
like the morning cloud and like the
like the morning cloud and like the early do that passes away like chaff
early do that passes away like chaff
early do that passes away like chaff blown off from a threshing floor and
blown off from a threshing floor and
blown off from a threshing floor and like smoke from a chimney yet I am the
like smoke from a chimney yet I am the
like smoke from a chimney yet I am the Lord your God ever since the land of
Lord your God ever since the land of
Lord your God ever since the land of Egypt and you shall know no god but me
Egypt and you shall know no god but me
Egypt and you shall know no god but me for there is no Savior besides me I knew
for there is no Savior besides me I knew
for there is no Savior besides me I knew you in the wilderness in the land of
you in the wilderness in the land of
you in the wilderness in the land of great drought when they had past year
great drought when they had past year
great drought when they had past year they were filled they were filled and
they were filled they were filled and
they were filled they were filled and their heart was exalted therefore they
their heart was exalted therefore they
their heart was exalted therefore they forgot me so I will be to them like a
forgot me so I will be to them like a
forgot me so I will be to them like a lion like a leopard by the road I will
lion like a leopard by the road I will
lion like a leopard by the road I will lurk I will meet them like a bear
lurk I will meet them like a bear
lurk I will meet them like a bear deprived of her Cubs I will tear open
deprived of her Cubs I will tear open
deprived of her Cubs I will tear open their ribcage and there I will devour
their ribcage and there I will devour
their ribcage and there I will devour them like a lion the wild beasts shall
them like a lion the wild beasts shall
them like a lion the wild beasts shall tear them Oh Israel you are destroyed
tear them Oh Israel you are destroyed
tear them Oh Israel you are destroyed but your help is from me I will be your
but your help is from me I will be your
but your help is from me I will be your key where is any other that he may save
key where is any other that he may save
key where is any other that he may save you in all your cities and your judges
you in all your cities and your judges
you in all your cities and your judges to whom you said give me a king and
to whom you said give me a king and
to whom you said give me a king and princes
princes
princes I gave you a king in my anger and took
I gave you a king in my anger and took
I gave you a king in my anger and took him away in my wrath
him away in my wrath
him away in my wrath the iniquity of 'iframe is bound up his
the iniquity of 'iframe is bound up his
the iniquity of 'iframe is bound up his sin is stored of the sorrows of a woman
sin is stored of the sorrows of a woman
sin is stored of the sorrows of a woman in childbirth shall come upon him he is
in childbirth shall come upon him he is
in childbirth shall come upon him he is an unwise son for he should not stay
an unwise son for he should not stay
an unwise son for he should not stay long where children are born
long where children are born
long where children are born I will ransom them from the power of the
I will ransom them from the power of the
I will ransom them from the power of the grave I will redeem them from death Oh
grave I will redeem them from death Oh
grave I will redeem them from death Oh death I will be your plagues Oh grave I
death I will be your plagues Oh grave I
death I will be your plagues Oh grave I will be your destruction
will be your destruction
will be your destruction pity is hidden from my eyes though he is
pity is hidden from my eyes though he is
pity is hidden from my eyes though he is fruitful among his brethren and east
fruitful among his brethren and east
fruitful among his brethren and east winds shall come the wind of the Lord
winds shall come the wind of the Lord
winds shall come the wind of the Lord shall come up from the wilderness
shall come up from the wilderness
shall come up from the wilderness then his spring shall become dry and his
then his spring shall become dry and his
then his spring shall become dry and his fountains shall be dried up
fountains shall be dried up
fountains shall be dried up he shall plunder the treasury of every
he shall plunder the treasury of every
he shall plunder the treasury of every desirable prize Sumeria is held guilty
desirable prize Sumeria is held guilty
desirable prize Sumeria is held guilty for she has rebelled against her God
for she has rebelled against her God
for she has rebelled against her God they shall fall by the sword their
they shall fall by the sword their
they shall fall by the sword their infants shall be dashed in pieces and
infants shall be dashed in pieces and
infants shall be dashed in pieces and their women with child ripped open